Update Log, OS, UUID, Random BBEs (#2949)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/uuid-generation/uuid_generation.md

# Generate UUID

> The `uuid` library provides functions related to UUID(Universal Unique Identifier).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `uuid` library provides functions related to UUIDs (Universal Unique Identifiers).
```

For more information on the underlying module, see the [UUID module](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerina/uuid/latest/).

::: code uuid_generation.bal :::

> To run this sample use the `bal run` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this sample, use the `bal run` command.
```
